dotnet-tool: add page (#7769)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dotnet-tool.md

# dotnet tool

> Manage .NET tools and search published tools in NuGet.
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/ef/core/cli/dotnet>.

> - Install Entity Framework Core as a global tool:
> 
> `dotnet tool install --global dotnet-ef`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install a global tool (don't use `--global` for local tools):

`dotnet tool install --global {{dotnetsay}}`
```

Maybe it's better to use some sample global tool and more general description.

- Install tools defined in the local tool manifest:

`dotnet tool restore`

> - Update a specific global tool:
> 
> `dotnet tool update --global {{tool_name}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update a specific global tool (don't use `--global` for local tools):

`dotnet tool update --global {{tool_name}}`
```

> - Uninstall a local tool (use `--global` for global tools):
> 
> `dotnet tool uninstall {{tool_name}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uninstall a global tool (don't use `--global` for local tools):

`dotnet tool uninstall --global {{tool_name}}`
```

> - List installed local tools (use `--global` for global tools):
> 
> `dotnet tool list`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- List installed global tools (don't use `--global` for local tools):

`dotnet tool list --global`
```
